Hi, Ellen.
Thank you for having me.
It's an honor to be here.
I watch your show all the time.
I got a bag of Alabama
peanuts backstage for you--
Well, thanks.
--and my homeboy
tWitch over here.
Yep, that's right.
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
He has never been prouder to be
from Alabama as the other day.
Let's first start where
you decided to protest.
When did you make that decision?
And why did you
decide to do that?
Well, I protested in honor of
my daughter, Patti Sue Mathis,
who was gay.
She committed suicide.
And I just said, I wonder
how Patti'd feel today.
Here's a man running for
United States Senate who said
that gay people are perverts.
Gay people committing a
crime because they're gay.
That's why I did what I did.
I wanted people to
realize it's serious.
A United States senator that
feels that way about people.
He's going to hold
his hand up and say,
I uphold the Constitution.
The Constitution said,
all men are created equal.
And that's the way
they should be treated.
Gay people have rights, just
like people who are not gay.
[APPLAUSE]
Well, Patti Sue
would be very, very--
and is very proud of you.
I can tell you that.
And I know that you had a
hard time, at first, when
she told you that she was gay.
That was not an easy
thing for you to accept.
And that, to me, makes
it even more beautiful
that you've turned
around your opinion.
Well, due to teachings
I had as I grew up--
when I found out Patti
was gay was the end
of her senior year in school--
and I showed my ass.
I really did.
And I regret it very much.
About three months later,
Patti came to me and said,
I don't want to be gay.
Will you help me get some help?
And so I said, sure.
That shows you how naive I was.
I made an appointment at
UAB Hospital in Birmingham.
I took Patti up to the hospital.
They did all kinds of
blood work on her that day.
The doctor called
us in about 3:30.
He said, young lady, there's not
a thing we can do about the way
you are.
There's nothing we can do.
You're just who you are.
And I said, man, this
doctor must be crazy.
We took her to other
doctors, psychiatrists.
Everyone told my
daughter, Patti,
you can't help the way you are.
That's what made me change.
Yeah, it's amazing that people
think that we're not supposed
to be who we're born to be.
And that we're supposed to
change to please other people.
And I'm sorry that
your daughter--
I'm sorry I didn't
get to meet her.
I'm sorry that she didn't get
to see the world that we're
living in now that gets better
and better because of people
like you who are
opening up their minds.
And you must be very
excited that this election
went the way it did.
I'm very excited it
The last thing we needed
was Roy Moore in Washington.
Roy Moore needs to be somewhere
getting psychiatric help.
That's where he needs to be.
Yep.
He does.
Well, I know that this
was a big victory.
There's a lot more to do.
I think there's a lot of
stuff going on that I know--
will you use your voice?
Will you do this more?
Because, I mean, look at
the attention you got.
Well, see, I didn't have any
idea what kind of attention
I was going to have.
First of all, I didn't know
I would even get down there
where their event was.
I had my sign in the truck.
And I pulled in where
they were parking people,
and I asked the man--
I said, look, I realize
this is private property.
But I have a sign I would like
to take down to the event,
if I could.
You had to go about a half
a mile down this dirt road
to get down to the big barn.
He said, sure.
A lot of people
are taking signs.
Well, he just didn't
look at my sign.
He thought I had a "I
Love Roy Moore" sign.
Next thing you know, I was
down there amongst them
with the sign.
So that's what happened.
That's how that came about.
That's the first time I'd
ever done anything like that,
but I felt like it
needed to be done.
Your sign said, "Judge Roy
Moore called my daughter
Patti Sue Mathis a pervert
because she was gay.
A 32-year-old Roy Moore dated
teenage girls ages 14 to 17,
so that makes him a
pervert of the worst kind.
Please don't vote
for Roy Moore."
And so you were holding
that-- first of all,
you couldn't even get
that sign made, right?
You were trying to
get that sign made.
No, I called a local sign maker
as I came through Atlanta.
I asked him to make a sign
for me, and he said he would.
And so I texted him what I
wanted on the sign, which
is what you just read.
And about an hour
later, when I thought
I was fixing to
go get the sign, I
discovered he had
texted me back.
And he said, I can't
make that sign for you.
I have a son who's
in the gay community,
and he's rebelled against God.
And I just can't do
such a thing as that.
Well, I knew a little
bit about this man's life
and how he's lived it.
So I texted him back and I said,
I'm sorry you feel that way.
But God also says
you shouldn't be
living with another man's wife.
[APPLAUSE]
Oh, man, I like you a lot.
Come back again,
any time you want.
Sit in the audience,
whatever you want.
And you don't have to bring
peanuts, but I do like peanuts.
Because you're a
peanut farmer, right?
I'm a peanut farmer, and it's
an honor to be here, Ellen.
A lot more people watch
your show than you realize.
A lot of us old
peanut farmers, we
cut them tractors
off and go home
and watch our favorite show.
I love you so much.
Thank you, Ellen.
All right.
So I want to tell you
about this organization
that you're going to love.
It's called the Trevor Project.
It focuses on preventing
suicide for at-risk LGBTQ youth.
It has resources like
counseling, a 24-hour hotline.
You can text them for help.
Shutterfly loves organizations
like the Trevor Project,
so we're going to donate $25,000
in honor of your daughter
Patti Sue.
For more information
about the Trevor Project,
go to our website.
Hi, I'm Andy.
Ellen asked me to remind you to
subscribe to her channel so you
can see more awesome videos,
like videos of me getting
scared or saying
embarrassing things,
like "ball-peen hammer," and
also some videos of Ellen
and other celebrities-- if
you're into that sort of thing.
Aah-[BLEEP]!
God-[BLEEP]!